The Memory Bank application is already archiving the notable aspects of one's life by mapping them onto the calendar by
  way of date-specific entries, but to go just a bit beyond that, this feature also preserves Goals, To Do Lists,
  and other notes in the same state that they were on the day that the archive was created.  Goals, notes and other
  lists will all evolve over time, but this feature allows one to look back and see them as they were on the date of
  the archive.  Recommendation is to make an archive at least once a year, possibly on a birthday or anniversary.

History / Background
 Initially the vision for an archive ability was that we would track every single change to the data that was made by
  the user, so that the state of the app could be accurately restored to any given day/time in the past.  This was to
  be in support of a 'what did you know and when did you know it' kind of tracking, usable in campaigns, memoirs, and
  even admissible in courts during legal proceedings.  When it became apparent that the data storage requirements for
  such a feature were going to be excessive, the vision was adjusted so that the feature would be a paid add-on.
  Knowing that perhaps less than 10% of potential users would go for it, the expectation was that the data storage
  requirements would remain manageable.  But with the final application still being so far from market, the priority of
  development of this feature was significantly lowered, and work proceeded on other features while code for this one
  was either a placeholder or non-existent.
 Now that many other features are in place, different motivations for an Archive feature have arisen - simple personal
  nostalgia, or use as a memory aid.  This kind of personal usage takes us back to being relevant for all users and so
  the original idea of automated stringent character-by-character tracking of user activity has been dropped, in favor
  of preserving on-demand, user-initiated snapshots in time (that can and should remain user-private, and are highly
  unlikely to ever be admitted into evidence in any legal proceeding).


Creating
  Menu Item:  Create Archive...
      with a popup showing a short message to allow continue or cancel
      If continue, an archive is created
      It uses the current AppOptions, and only takes the active notegroups.
        If no active notegroups - oh well, archive will be there but be empty except for the AppOptions

Reviewing
  'Archives' is the first leaf on the tree.  It is not a branch since it is not expandable.
  When the user clicks on this leaf, the viewing pane will show a list of selectable archives, in a
    human-readable format of dates (in order of oldest to newest).
    If there are fewer than 15 existing archives, the pane will start with some useful information and if
      there are none at all then there will be a prompt to use the main menu to create one.
  A double-click on one of the archive dates will bring up a new window (or, a single-click and then menu Archive/View).
  The new window will be non-modal, with a component panel that looks and (mostly) acts like an AppTreePanel but it
    will be a different class (ArchiveTreePanel) with a separate, isolated tree comprised of archive content.
      It will respond to clicks on the tree but NO changes allowed in any selected notegroup - all will be non-editable.
      No Menubar on the new window - only the top-right 'X' will be used, to close the window.
      No keepers, no saving of any referenced data
      No 'Archives' on this tree
      In the archived Upcoming Events, Future Events that are now past - do not age off
  CalendarNoteGroups for Archives will automatically be in 'review' mode.  This means that they go from their
    current view to the next available data in the chosen direction, possibly skipping one or several 'empty'
    panels where there was no data for the given date.
    Initial date of these groups will be the date of the archive, and they will only be able to go earlier; no
      'future' from the archive date forward; only backward.  After they go backward, can go forward again as long
      as the archive date is not surpassed.
    If no further data in a given direction, the date will advance anyway (by one increment) but of course will
      only show an empty panel.
  Search Results - No difference for the main panel, but without a menu bar.  The 'Found In' link will still work
    but in that case there is no 'Go Back' option.



  Review Panels for all Calendar-type Notes can go from data-only dates, do not show empty date-data.  This is
    a wishlist/SCR00022 item.  Possibly different alterbuttons - without the larger jumps?
  To achieve the same data-review effect on 'live' Panels, the CalendarNoteGroup can have a 'Review Mode' menu item.
    Should 'review mode' still be non-editable like it is during an archive review, if used with the main app and not
      an archive?  I believe no, because most main app activities are not read-only.  Turning it on or off would be a
      simple menu item click, and the viewed date would not change, so editability should not also toggle along with
      review mode; editability should only be a function of yes-or-no archive reviewing.

Deleting
  This is done with a Menu item that will act on the currently active archive.  If no active archive, then no Menu.
  Closing like we do with the expandable branches - not needed because the Archives leaf is not expandable.
  Closes the window(s) (if open), removes the repo, and refreshes the Archives list.



