This doc is needed in order to set down the expected behaviors of certain panels with respect to dates.

There are two date 'flavors' to consider:
    Selected Date - What specific date has been selected.  There will always be one; defaults to current date.
    Viewed Date - What date is being shown (and to what granularity - day,month,year); defaults to current date.

These two dates are defined and managed in AppTreePanel.  It will always have definitions for them; no nulls.

When a date selection is made it also sets the viewed date to the same value.

Viewed dates will only differ from selected dates when a date-related panel changes its content without
    having made a selection (if a date selection was even possible from the given panel).

Of the five date-related panels, a date selection can only occur from these three:
    Day Notes - whatever date is shown IS the selection (and therefore also the Viewed Date).
    Year View - only if the user clicks on a specific date.  Clicking on a specific month (its name) switches to that view.
    Month View - only if the user clicks on a specific date

All five panels can alter the Viewed Date via the controls on their interfaces


1.  Day Notes
    When this node becomes active, the day that it shows will be the currently Selected Date.
    At the same time the Viewed Date is set to the Selected Date, with DAYS granularity.
    If the day is changed, Selected Date and Viewed Date track along with it.
        (not happening...)

2.  Year Notes
    When this node becomes active, the year shown is the year from the Viewed Date, and its granularity becomes YEARS,
        even if it was previously finer.  This is needed to ensure that the correct date is shown in whatever panel
        becomes active after this one, especially if no action is taken while here.  The very act of switching to a
        year view will have changed the granularity.
    A new Year may be viewed in this panel.  If it is, the Viewed Date is set to the new year.

3.  Month Notes
    When this node becomes active, the month shown is determined in this order of preference:
        1.  The month from the Viewed Date
            In many cases this will also be the Selected Date.  When it isn't, we would rather show the Viewed Date,
               unless the user had been viewing years in which case we cannot get down to month granularity.
        2.  The month from the Selected Date
    Then the granularity of the viewed date is set to MONTHS.
    A new month may be viewed in this panel.  If it is, the Viewed Date is set to the new month.

4.  Year View
    When this node becomes active, the year shown is the year from the Viewed Date, and its granularity becomes YEARS,
        even if it was previously finer.  This is needed to ensure that the correct date is shown in whatever panel
        becomes active after this one, especially if no action is taken while here.  The very act of switching to a
        year view will have changed the granularity.
    A new Selected Date may be chosen from this panel.  If it is, the settings in AppTreePanel are updated, with the
        Viewed Date being set to the same value, with granularity of DAYS.
    A new year may be viewed in this panel.  If it is, the Viewed Date is set to the new year,
        with a granularity of YEARS.
    The settings described above each happen immediately upon the respective changes, so they are not in conflict;
        in terms of the granularity of the viewed date, the last change 'wins'.

5.  Month View
    When this node becomes active, the month shown is determined in this order of preference:
        1.  the month from the Viewed Date (only if granularity is MONTHS)
        2.  the month from the Selected Date (so that the selected day is highlighted)
    Then the granularity of the viewed date is set to MONTHS.
    A new Selected Date may be chosen from this panel.  If it is, the settings in AppTreePanel are updated, with the
        Viewed Date being set to the same value, with granularity of DAYS.
    A new month may be viewed in this panel.  If it is, the Viewed Date is set to the new month,
        with a granularity of MONTHS.
    The settings described above each happen immediately upon the respective changes, so they are not in conflict;
        in terms of the granularity of the viewed date, the last change 'wins'.


When 'Today' is invoked while any one of the five panels is active, the Selected Date is immediately set to 'today'
    and the panel content is updated to match.  However, if the panel was already showing this info then instead it
    will switch to a textual representation of the date, only, with no node selected on the tree.  Select a new node
    to continue (or select the same one to get back to the panel you were on).


